Now before we dive into the course content I'd like to give you a teaser or a taste of what you'll be
able to do by the end of the course.
Now usually in my teens or lectures I'll give one example to show students what they'll be able to do
once done with the course.
But in this course you're going to learn so many cool things and we're going to build more than 20 hacking
tools.
So it's unfair and it's really hard for me to pick only one example.
Therefore instead I'm going to show you three examples taken from the three main sections of the course.
Now keep in mind each one of these sections is divided into a number of subsections.
So these examples are only a small fraction of what you'll be able to do once done with the course.
But I think they work really well to give you a taste of what you'll be able to achieve once done.
Now since this is just a teaser.
Don't worry about how these programs work.
We will cover how to write these programs in details.
So for now just sit back watch the lecture and enjoy it.
And then once you start the course you will learn how to write all of these programs.
And much much more.
And the first example I'm going to use two programs the first one will allow us to intercept data sent
or received by any computer on the same network.
The second one will read this data and filter it to show us user names passwords visited you are elves
and so on.
We're going to write these programs ourselves from scratch later on in the course.
Now these programs are running on my Hocker machine.
So let's go to the target machine and try to generate some traffic and maybe log in to a service.
I'm going to go to hotmail dot com and let's try to sign in.
So I'm going to click on seinen and I'm just going to put some sample information.
So I'm going to put a user name and the sample password and I'm going to hit enter.
And now if we go back to the hacker machine you can see that first of all I can see all the requests
I can see on the Web sites they're visiting and I can also see the user name and the password that they
logged in with.
So I can see the username was 822.
I taught mail dot com and I can see the password was 1 2 3 4 5 6.
The second example that I'm going to show you is a back door a back door is a program that was executed
on a system.
It allows us to remotely control that system.
So basically hack it and gain full control over it.
Now just like all the other tools would go we're going to program this from scratch and I'm going to
show you how to write this in a generic way so that you can use the information you learn here in many
scenarios.
For example you'll be able to write a web server a chat program and so one now right here I'm already
at the hype machine and as you can see it's already listening and waiting for incoming connections.
Once the backdoor gets executed on a computer we will get a connection.
As you can see here once we have that connection we'll be able to use all the features implemented in
this backdoor which we're going to implement ourselves.
So first of all I have file system access.
So if I do a CD it'll show me my current working directory.
And as you can see I'm in users Zayd downloads.
That's basically because the back door is actually stored in this location.
So I can see the dot dot to go back one directory and if I do see now to see where I might be can't
see I'm in zayd and we can also execute all system commands and keep in mind this Pactor works on all
operating systems.
It works on Linux Windows and OS X so you can use the system command of your target and they will work
by default.
So right now my target is Windows.
So if I wanted to list the directories I can do it there.
And as you can see I get a list of all the files and directories in the current working directory.
Now I can go back in downloads by doing CD downloads and a file list again in here.
You'll see the files that we have in the downloads which are the back door and the JTR image which I
have right here.
Now we also want to highlight a feature that we're going to program which is the ability to download
files so I'm just going to do download and I'm going to follow it by the file name that I want to download.
And it's the image.
So it's G.T. or GBG.
And as you can see all see it automatically being downloaded in here.
And if we double click this we have the image intact and we're able to open it now I'm downloading the
image just as an example but it just goes to show you that you'll be able to download any files from
the target system.
You can also upload files which is really really useful because you'll be able to upload evil files
viruses kill ogres and so on.
And as an example I'm just going to rename this image to G.T. are to the AJP you.
I am going to upload it so I'm going to do upload G.T. or two dot JP G.
Now tell me the upload is successful and if we go here again you can see we have the new image.
Now if this was an evil file because you're able to execute system commands from the back door you'll
be able to just call it from here and execute it remotely on the target computer.
The last example that I want to show you is a vulnerability scanner.
This is a program that can automatically discover weaknesses in Web sites and web applications.
So all you have to do is just give this program a website and first of all it's going to discover all
the links and all the pages in the target website.
Then for each one of these pages it's going to extract all the parameters and all the forms.
And finally for each one of these parameters and forms it's going to submit code to discover vulnerabilities.
Then once it's done it's going to show me the results.
And as you can see it was able to discover an s s s vulnerability in here just like all the other programs
were going to write this from scratch ourselves.
So again don't worry about how this works and don't worry if you don't understand what the vulnerability
is and all of that we will cover all of this later on in the course.